Docs: Update unified memory management page (#3833)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/how-to/hip_runtime_api/memory_management/unified_memory.rst

the system to access host and other GPUs' memory without explicit memory
management.

This document covers unified memory management in HIP, which encompasses several
approaches that provide a single address space accessible from both CPU and GPU.
**Unified memory** refers to the overall architectural concept of this shared
address space, while **managed memory** is one specific implementation that
provides automatic page migration between devices. Other unified memory allocators
like :cpp:func:`hipMalloc()` and :cpp:func:`hipHostMalloc()` provide different
access patterns within the same unified address space concept.

> 

Reviewer: I like this paragraph now that I understand better the fact of unified memory on the MI300A, and possibly other APUs? But I think it should be moved above the prior paragraph, which should be rewritten or removed. It seems to me that unified memory management has to do with using **unified memory** (which requires **managed memory** access?) or using **managed memory** to let the runtime automate much of the memory management between host and device memory?

Author: Moved it above the prior paragraph

Unified memory enables the access to memory located on other devices via
several methods, depending on whether hardware support is available or has to be
managed by the driver. CPUs can access memory allocated via :cpp:func:`hipMalloc()`,
providing bidirectional memory accessibility within the unified address space.

Managed memory

> ================================================================================

Reviewer: This section refers to Managed memory, but then reverts to the Unified memory allocators. Are The these memory allocators actually part of the managed memory API? Or do they only work for unified memory?

Author: Added some text and renamed it, let me know if this is clearer

Reviewer: Thanks.

            // This example requires HMM support and the environment variable HSA_XNACK needs to be set to 1
            int main() {

>                 // Allocate memory with proper alignment for performance
>                 int *a = new(std::align_val_t(128)) int[1];
>                 int *b = new(std::align_val_t(128)) int[1];
>                 int *c = new(std::align_val_t(128)) int[1];

Reviewer 2: Wow, they introduced some ugly syntax with C++17 (especially for the `delete` later on). HMM supports stack variables, right? Maybe we can do this:

```suggestion
                // Allocate memory with proper alignment for performance
                alignas(128) int a;
                alignas(128) int b;
                alignas(128) int c;
```

or this:

```suggestion
                // Allocate memory with proper alignment for performance
                alignas(128) std::array<int, 1> a;
                alignas(128) std::array<int, 1> b;
                alignas(128) std::array<int, 1> c;
```

Author: Mmm that could be cleaner, but the feedback was about using std::align_val_t specifically

Reviewer 2: Alright then :-)
